Well, good evening everybody. Thank you
for joining us again tonight. I got
this today that will get rid
of every fly. Somebody sent this
to me; I thought that was the coolest
thing ever. I told Diana I said, "Guess
what? I'm the Terminator."So,
we're going to go after the flies
today. If there's a fly, he's dead. So,
I'm excited about it. I loaded it with
the salt from the Himalaya and Himalayan
salt crystals. I can see it go,
and so it's fun to play with.
I've been shooting at flies all the
time. You know, I shot myself with it;
it stings really bad. But I thought,
yeah, that was fun. So, whoever sent
that, I appreciate that. That was
kind of you. So, we don't have fly
problems no more. In fact, I've been
looking for flies. I said, leave the
door open.
Leave the door open. Let's do this.
All right. Well, last night was
different. You know, I've prayed
about that all day today. What I saw
about the person in the boat, Diana
and I, we discussed it. We had to run
errands and do some things, and I
told her, we were talking, she went through
all the visions and things the Lord has
been showing me. She asked me about
certain things today. It was interesting
because Diana doesn't usually ever do that.
But she said, "As Joseph saw seven fat
cows and seven skinny cows, did it have
anything to do with a cow?"The
cow represented seven plentiful
years and seven bad years.
It was the Lord talking
about two shmita cycles.
It started with two shmita cycles,
two seven-year periods.
That's the point I say, because I
was the reason why I brought it up. I've
been thinking and meditating on the
visions the Lord shows me, that I saw a
girl in a boat
and she was in the Caribbean.
It was a white woman and she was on a
boat that the sail was messed up and she
was sailing for fun.
I could see her last night bobbing
up and down in the water as a storm on
the sea was happening. She was
bobbing up and down and she was crying
and she was sitting on the
deck of this
white boat and it was moving up and
down; she was
sobbing because she had no way of
communicating to people to tell them that
she was in distress
and she was too far out for the Coast
Guard to hear her or for them to be
watching for her. She was too far out.
But she came from Florida. There was
something about her in the
Caribbean that she got into;
something happened and I was interceding
for this. I was thinking is this a
metaphor?
As I was praying into
that, I was seeing people behind
their computers last night and they were
saying, "Does God really care about me?
I feel all alone.
I have no family. I
come, I work 8 to 5,
I'm by myself all the time,"and they
were thinking about harming themselves
physically. They were feeling that they
were completely lost.
Does God really care about me? Does
God really understand that I'm
hurting right now? Does he even care
that I am?
And as I was praying, I could feel the
hopelessness of these individuals last
night, that they felt like there was no
hope for their life. There was such a
depression and such a sense of not
self-worth, so inadequate.
It was so heavy. And as I was praying, I
saw a cork bobbing down in the water and
then it became a person.
And as they began to sink into the water
and the water was about to take their
last breath
in their life, they would shoot up to
the top and they would get just enough
air just to sustain them to keep their
body alive. Almost like the bread of
affliction.
And I could see them dropping back down
and trying to fight to come up to the
air again. And they were fighting for
everything they had to have just one
more breath of air.
And that's the way they were living.
If I could just get one more breath of
air. And they go, [gasps]
and they go back down.
And it was very heavy.
As I'm saying this, it's heavy.
But I went over the visions and I
thought, is this girl in the ocean, is
this a type of shadow of where
people are spiritually,
of where they are with their
relationship with the Lord?
That God is wanting you to come out of
the barely getting by, the survival
stage, and come into thriving.
He wants you to thrive the rest. He
wants you to be the head and not the
tail. Above and not beneath. Go through
and not go under. To have that
relationship with him that you say,
"Hello, Father. How are you doing
today?"That
you become intimate with God. When
you get real with God, I say it all the
time. When you get real with God, God
will become real to you. Stop being
fake.
I went over all the major ministries,
all the people that I've talked to on
the phone that I used to dream to talk
to, and you realize how human they truly
are. That they are just a vessel that
said yes, just like me.
And how I have strategically done
everything the Lord has told me to do to
get to where I'm at right now and where
he tells me I'm going.
And how I don't ever want the pressure
of this to ever choke out the
relationship that I have with him. It's
more valuable than anything else.
It's like I
told one minister, I don't care about
the White House. I don't care about
certain
stuff. In fact, I think it's a joke. I
talk to the King of Kings and I see
angels. They come and visit. That's the
thing to me. Sitting at the dryer and
losing yourself with prayer, and that's
what I did. Folding laundry, helping
Diana, doing things like that, seeking
him and finding him.
All this other—I want to call it crap.
Sorry, but it is, the spiritual stuff, all the
requests,
all that, it's crap. It's a distraction.
I talked to people across this
camera because the Lord
told me to. But I thought about it a lot
today. I thought about the pressure of
ministry. I have some ministers, I talk
to them. They got 40 and 50 staff, 250
staff. They got huge overhead.
They got huge bills, huge. And if they
don't have a certain amount of money
come in through their ministry, they're
in trouble. So they push books. They
push things. And I'm not criticizing.
That's just not where
my heart is. I just want to be Brandon. I
don't want the pressure of all that with
having families and being
responsible. You got to make sure
they got their bills paid by your
ministry paying their salary and you got
all that. And I go, "Good Lord."And
Diana goes, "Brandon, do you see we
can say whatever I want to say?"And
they look at me as a wild
hair. I say what he says, but I
have no fear of it. Last night I told
you I saw the Colombian president, his
buddies in a box being shipped to him.
And after it was over—Colombia.
Colombia,
sorry. Thank you, son.
Rewind that. Colombia. But I saw his
buddies in a box and the Lord said,
"Anoint your place of the Lord."I saw a
witch after him. I saw that. But I
didn't have no fear saying it. And most
people go, "My god, we got the emails.
Are you kidding me? Do you say all that?"I
said, "I have nothing to fear
because I have nothing to lose."If
we still do our business and
do things on the side there, if this
gets turned off, I truly mean that. I
did this all for the Lord. There's
nothing behind it other than I am sold
out to Jesus.
And I told them and I think
that's probably why a lot of these other
ministries, big ministries, they
hold me at arms distance because they
don't know what I'm going to do. And
that's the truth. I don't know what I'm
going to do. I'm free.
I say what he says to say. And if
there's repercussions behind it, I pay
the price for I say, "Lord, this is what
you told me to do."If the channel gets
turned off, they silenced me
last night again. Then everybody had
to go, 'Hey, we can't hear you anymore.'YouTube
got ticked off, and
we get these things. They say, 'You
can't say that,'and they
mute me.
Hello, YouTube.
But I'm bold as a lion, and I'll say
what He says to say, and I don't care.
I did the best I
could, and I'll stand before Him and
say, 'Lord, I gave You everything I got.'And
that might mean that Diana
goes, 'You have more, you know what,
rocks than I've ever seen anybody have
in my life.'Honey, I can't
believe some of the stuff you say, but I
say it because I don't fear you; I fear
Him.
I'm sold out. I was going over
the visions and going over things. I
think, my God, I've said some things on
the internet. They blotted me out
last night, and I couldn't figure out why.
Nobody could hear me.
They muted me, and they wanted you to
leave. They didn't want you hearing what
I was saying anymore, so you had to
refresh it and come back in. For a lot of you—that
thousand-plus
where it all
dropped—so
it is what it is.
Everybody lost sound
because YouTube didn't like what I said
last night. And so, am I
afraid of that? Not even a little bit.
I didn't get myself here;
I didn't do any of it. He did it all.
Everything I have—I lived in an 800-square-foot
house for 17 years of my life with
cockroaches and meth dealers
all around me. I've been at the bottom
of the barrel, and now the Lord's blessed
me. I look around and say,
'I've had little, and
I'm not moved by any of it.'I lived
with nothing, barely scrimping on
food stamps. You understand, when you
are sold out to Him
and there's nothing that you've done in
your life to take credit for, you are
able to be really free, because I was
happy then and I'm happy now.
I love the Lord, but
like I said,
my biggest thing is always praying with
my kids, teaching them how to pray,
teaching them how to deep dip in the
rivers. My biggest thing is to teach
Paisley. I see the intercessory prayer
gifts on her. The Lord told me she's
going to start to see as she's seeing. There are
things that I don't talk about,
but my little girl is walking in the
supernatural at ten years old, and she's
already starting to see over and she's
able to do things. And I impart.
I lay hands on her and
I impart.
I teach her how to jump in that
river as a child. I do the same with
Braden. And if Megan were
not overcoming, I would do the same
for her, but right now she's overcoming.
I still pray for her
all the time, but it's not like I try to
say, 'Honey, will you see?'because she
wouldn't tell us if she could.
I'm sure she does.
I'm free tonight.
As it clicked today while we
were going over the visions and what the
Lord has done, there are
things that the Lord shows me
that we've prayed away. I know we've
stopped things by the Spirit of God,
praying for things and interceding for this
man in
Colombia.
I said, 'Lord, I haven't had a lot
of visions in the last couple of days.
You haven't shown me what's going on.'He
said, 'I told you when I don't
show you something to pray over what
I've given you. I gave you something
that you just see—it's amazing—and
you just cast it aside
and keep marching.'He said,
'It's like going at Christmas time and
you're opening up gifts and you go,
"Where's the next one? Where's the next one?"and
you don't realize what you
just unwrapped.'What did He give you?
Well, hold on a minute.
You're a child because you're so
excited about all the stuff under the
tree. He keeps giving you all this
stuff and you're not looking at what He
gave you out of the box.
You're taking it for granted
because you put it aside and forgot
that you even opened it because you're
looking at what's ahead. He said,
'Stop looking at what's underneath the
tree and look at what I already gave you
to unwrap and what I'm telling you to
pray
over.'I'm
trying to tell you to pray over the
man in Colombia because he's going to lose
two friends,
somebody really close to him with a
beard, and you can pray about this. I
thought, 'Can I stop it? Are
there things that You tell me to stop?'because
You told me You want revival in
Colombia. The ultimate thing is there's
witchcraft in the nation and the Lord
said, 'I'm going to deal with it. But
not only that, I want a major harvest of
souls with my Latinos.
It's time to bring them in.'I
want you to pray over President Trump.
I gave this to you when I saw
Don Jr. being taken
out again, and he was no longer here.
I saw the storm blowing on him,
and He said, 'It's
your job. You have to pray for his kids.
Pray for Don Jr.
I'm showing you for the fourth time that
the man's life is in danger.
Pray for Don Jr.'The other kids
are not prominent in the vision;
they're faded. Don Jr. is
bold and his life is in danger. And the
Lord said, 'Pray for him. Pray for Don
Jr.'So,
instead of opening another package—because
there's so much more the
Lord wants to show us—look at what He
has given me and open the gift
of a vision, because you don't
have control over it; Jesus does. It's a
gift.
You open it up and don't put the gift
over here and say, 'Where's my next one?'I
stopped and I looked and I said,
'Let's be thankful that He gave us the
warning ahead of time to pray over Don
Jr., to pray over the man in Colombia,
to pray over Cuba, and to pray over
President Trump to make it across the
finish line, that he finishes strong,
that the 25th Amendment does not happen,
that the Black
judge in the Supreme Court does not die
of
prostate cancer or heart disease,
that he will stay strong, that
his life will not be cut off because of
cancer of the prostate: Clarence
Thomas.'Pray
over voices to be accurate.
Don't criticize; pray for them—the
prophetic voices, the ones that
truly have a heart after God and
are just missing it because they're
human. Don't go,
'Well, they're false prophets,'and
everyone pick
on people. Instead,
just see it and go, 'Listen,
is their heart truly pure and after God
and they're just off track a little bit?'versus
if it's malicious.
There are some people that
are just good people and just
need a little fine-tuning. Everybody needs a tuning.
The rabbit ears get
fuzzy sometimes because of the cares of life—like
I told you, the responsibility of
having fifty staff, 100, or 200 people in your
church, and you have all this stuff going
on. You have all this responsibility, and the
antennas get a little crossed up sometimes
because you have all the
cares of life on top of you and
families depending on you.
So, in the midst of all the cares
of life in a huge ministry, from what
I'm learning,
have a little grace.
Pray for some folks; they need help.
Pray for their finances. Why? We're all
on the same mission to save that which
was lost—to tell people that Jesus
Christ is coming. And some people just
get a little bit weary in well-doing,
and they just need some help.
I would rather reach my hand down to
a brother in a ditch and pull him out
than
throw more dirt on him as I
walk by.
There are so many people—the
sister clipboards—who are throwing dirt
on people right now, and I don't want to
be associated with it.
I want to just say, 'Listen, you missed
it. You messed up. But let's
pull you out of the ditch.
Let's look at what you did to help the
Body of Christ in the past.'Did
you get people saved? How many did
you lead to Christ?
How many people did you help out of the
ditch whenever they were in the ditch?
But instead, you didn't throw dirt on
them. You helped them out and you washed
them up. You washed their feet. I saw a
vision
of Jesus washing the disciples'feet.
And that was something that we have
missed as the body of Christ, that we
don't do that: the washing of the feet.
This is a sign of covenant. This is
something more. As I saw
washing a minister's feet in a vision as
I was praying, and I saw the individual,
and the Lord said, 'Do you see the
washing of the feet?'Jesus was actually
washing the feet of this person.
And they were washing his feet.
And the Lord said, 'There's much
more to washing of the feet than you
realize. Not only about humility, but
there's more to this that I want you to
pray about that your modern culture
doesn't get.
Washing of the feet. Jesus
washed their feet.'And the Lord was
speaking to me about washing of the feet today—well,
actually yesterday, it was
last
night. And I was praying into that
washing of the feet. There's more to
this. And I thought, what is more to
washing of the feet? Jesus took
Communion and he washed their feet. I
thought, why?
There's more to this.
I know in my modern thinking, it's just
like, what really is that? I
mean, I hate to be
ignorant, sorry, but I was just like,
'Lord, you can't wash my feet.'But
even Peter and them, they were
freaking out about it. But Jesus
humbled himself and he washed their feet,
and they washed his feet.
It was a covenant. There's
something more to it.
And I'm sure somebody's written
some book about it and they feel like
they're an expert at it. But the Lord
said there's a deeper revelation
than what you realize.
And I thought, well, I want to be a
student. Show me. I'll wash your feet,
Lord. I'll wash the
minister's feet.
There's something about it.
So, that's where I was at today. I'm just
telling you, I think it's easy to
be a critic. It's easy to always poke.
It's easy to always think, 'Well,
my life's not that way.'Whenever
you realize when I talk, we
go over Kathryn Kuhlman's life and her
autobiography,
reading over her struggles and
her trials and how really
beautiful a person she was.
She had issues. We all have issues. But
she truly was a beautiful soul. She was
a beautiful person. And
I just want to be more like Jesus.
And the more I get into
ministry and the more I've learned, it
pulls you more away from him, the more
they draw you to him because of the
pressures of things.
And the more I realized the Lord said,
'What is it you need of, Brandon? What
is this that I've shown
you? I've done it.'And I thought,
'Lord, if it all goes away, you provided
everything. You gave me
all these lights, the camera, the talk.
You did it all.
And I said what you told me to say.'So
I don't know. It was
interesting today. I don't know if
that helps you any, but it helped me.
And I think for people who are
trying really hard to do ministry and
you see the Candace Owens, you see the
Tuckers, and I told you
there's going to be a great criticism
coming out of people in the days ahead
concerning the Christians, concerning
the way we believe. There are things
that are going to be criticized greatly.
And we haven't seen the beginning of
persecution that's coming to the church
in America.
There's great persecution coming.
And I've seen some very hard things.
But I know that in the midst of
persecution, it brings forth the
greater glory. The greater the
persecution, the greater the glory.
Trials bring forth glory. The refining
brings forth the glory.
So, all right. There you go. How long
was that? Oh, 35 minutes.
Okay. Do you want to show them anything
in the news?
I'm trying to
break myself of calling you 'babe'.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Turkey had a meeting with Poland today.
Now, what did we say was going to
happen? I said the Lord said Turkey
would rise up and it would be about
Warsaw, Poland, and they'll strike
Poland in the days ahead. This is
interesting.
Why did Turkey meet Poland today?
They did a prayer for him.
Yeah, they did a prayer.
Well, that's interesting. Is that in
Turkey?
No, this is in Turkey.
Wow. That's what Turkey looks like.
So Poland came to Turkey.
Yes.
That's interesting. So Turkey's really
pretty.
That's not what I thought it would look
like;
I thought it'd be rocky.
Yeah.
The vampire is really stretching out
today for sure.
Yeah. So, he had him over and
they were talking. I was trying to
recapture and see what they were saying,
but there's not very many.
What was their point?
What was the point of going there?
I don't know. I think it was
because Ukraine was trying to
strike them.
So, they're trying to...
yeah.
So Ukraine is trying to strike them.
Yes.
I wonder why I saw unconventional
weapons of war with Russia concerning
that, if Ukraine is upset at Poland.
I could miss it, but
it's interesting.
And then he was saying,
on his last day, they're
saying he authorized a strike on Russia—British
involvement on his last day.
Some people are saying it's coincidence;
some people are saying it's not. British
Storm Shadow missiles. Those
Storm
Shadow missiles are
long-range—they're
not ballistic, but they are
missiles.
So did it go into Moscow? I
believe so.
Oh my gosh.
Now, folks, that's
something because this is what I said.
They're going to provoke him, and I said
they're going to start shooting him with
long-range missiles. So as he left, he
gave them authorization. Did they take
him up on it? Did they do it?
I believe so. This
is
an
attempt.
It's not about permitting;
he's not upset about it
when it comes to
weapons.
The fact is,
and any expert will confirm it,
the Ukrainian army is not able to strike
with modern long-range high-precision weapons.
They simply are not capable of doing that.
It's only
possible using data
from satellites which Ukraine does not
have.
That data comes only from the
satellites of the European Union or the
United States,
and generally from the NATO satellites.
So they're going to start using them.
This is the first, and the second, and
very importantly, maybe the key.
So he doesn't act like he's too worried
about it.
Only programmed by military personnel of
NATO countries.
That's interesting.
Big time.
That's all really interesting. I'll have
to watch that later. Save that for me.
But did they strike a hotel? I
mean, they pick random
stuff to shoot at. What is
that? Well, it was an
apartment complex.
Yeah. Okay. And then he said
they constantly
say they want to have a meeting.
A couple days later, they strike a school.
So he's talking about Zelenskyy.
He's always saying he wants a meeting,
but
he doesn't want to. He's
Pinocchio. He's a liar and he
doesn't want to.
They want war. I said the euro is in
trouble.
Yeah.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Yeah. And he's calling them Nazis.
He's calling Germany Nazi
Germany. And he is too.
Countries who are allowed to use their
resources to launch strikes against our territory—do
they realize what the
consequences will be? No, I don't think
they do.
And of course, there are forces in those
countries who don't want confrontation,
who publicly say that they want to build
relations with Russia, and they're
gaining momentum. Take a look at what's
happening in Germany. Political forces
that
want to pursue aggressive policies and
escalate tensions leading to an armed
conflict
are losing popularity
catastrophically.
All the parties
that stand for this are losing
ground,
and those who want to build normal
relations, stop the
constant arms race, and prevent the attempt to
inflict a strategic defeat on Russia are
going up.
I think this is
the way this will go; I think this will
be unsettled.
So far, many don't understand
that aggression will be met with a
response,
and this is why so many are trying to
distance themselves from this.
He looks different, doesn't he? His face—maybe
he has makeup on—it doesn't look
right.
Don't you think his face
looks weird?
I don't know, his eyes or
something. Is it just maybe he has a
demon? I don't know. It's
just like his face looks morphed to
me. It doesn't look—maybe
he looks different to you all.
Maybe it's
just me.
His face doesn't look right.
Then he said Israel
needs to manufacture its own
weapons
and build an independent armament
capability.
I really appreciate the
support from our American friends today, but
I say we need our own independent
armament. I told you it was coming
because behind
the scenes they're saying if you don't
stop, we're going to cut you off.
Now he's saying we need to
build our own stuff. We're done. We
don't need America. I
heard him say we are a sovereign nation;
we can defend and do what we want to do.
We don't need you. And then America is
saying we're going to cut you
off if you don't do what
we tell you to do. I saw Benjamin
and them; I saw him acting
out, and they would call it a great
betrayal. I've seen it in the
headlines in the news.
Now, this is nuts to me.
The guy over New York, Mamdani, he is
upset because this ISIS fighter, this
jihadist crazy guy, lost his life today.
It shows him mourning
his death. This American
politician is mourning the life of this
terrorist and is upset about it. Look at
this guy.
This guy is crazy. The guy he's
mourning is crazy. Look at him shooting
in the air.
So, he's upset he died,
and he is the mayor of New York City.
He's a sniper,
looks like a good old boy.
He's upset about it because he's
a terrorist.
Then he had UAPs
that day. They're
trying to say there's like a new
military technology
because it was back in April
when that
US
fighter jet got struck.
The fighter
jet said it was downed
by a jellyfish formation.
I
wonder what that means.
Some people are speculating it's like
new technology. They don't know
what it looks like.
They say it's a jellyfish
formation.
I
wonder—jellyfish
is
probably a military term.
We're just ignorant about it; we don't
know what they're talking
about.
Then Iran met with
Pakistan.
Iran went to Pakistan.
I said
Pakistan will become involved in the
days ahead.
This is what we saw back in
January.
I said I see Pakistan beating their
drum. Pakistan is getting upset, and I
said Pakistan will join Iran in the
days ahead.
Why Pakistan? Because you never
hear about Pakistan. And this is what I
saw: gas lines.
This is in Russia, though,
but it's still what I
saw.
Gas lines about a mile long. Look at
that.
That's probably a block or two.
So they can't get gas.
I don't know what
this is in USD,
but
that's some expensive gas.
Right,
for sure.
We have to look it up.
It's probably like a buck.
They're getting it for a good deal.
They say it's really expensive
in their currency, but
in ours, it's like a dollar. You're
like, 'You're getting a good deal.'144,000—whatever
that
was.
And they're saying that
Ukraine struck Crimea.
So Ukraine is going at it.
He's bold ever since that G7.
This is like a Ukrainian
minister; I don't know who this is.
He always wears black t-shirts, black
hoodies, and black jackets.
He doesn't like any other colors, does he?
I wonder what brand of t-shirt
he wears—if he wears Hanes or
what.
I wear different colors at least.
It's kind of a boring news day.
They're saying
they're refusing service to Israelis
in New York.
I said antisemitism will reach an
all-time high in New York. I
told you all that I saw
the Jewish people would be
so uncomfortable in the days ahead. They
would throw things at them and
be really mean to them in
Chicago, New York, and Philadelphia,
and they will pack up and
go back to Israel.
People like Hagee's ministry
will help fund it to get them home.
I saw them occupying Gaza, and it
ticked people off. It
was
in Europe and
everything, in Germany. I saw the
Jewish people leaving and going home,
and the Lord said, 'This will fulfill prophecy.'This
is
a Fox News alert: Incumbent
Congressman Dan Goldman, who was just
banned from a New York City coffee shop
because of his support for Israel,
has now lost his primary to a radical
socialist backed by Mamdani. It appears
that a pretty scary
transformation is now fully underway in
the Democratic Party, especially in a
blue state like New York.
Hannity's gained weight;
his face looks puffy, doesn't
it?
He never looked like that before.
The situation in Cuba is developing as
the island's corrupt, brutal, and
anti-American communist regime
continues to prioritize its own
total control over the freedom,
opportunities, and basic well-being of
the Cuban people. So, guess what? The Cavalry's
coming.
I'll let them borrow my Arnold
Schwarzenegger
fly zapper if they need it.
Somebody gave me that.
I got this today,
so I get to shoot the flies with it. I
feel like Arnold Schwarzenegger in
The Terminator when it comes
to the flies. I told everybody,
'I'll be
back.'Let's
pray.
It's always about an hour.
The first half is this kind of stuff,
and a lot of you like
this part. 75% of you like it because
whenever I start praying, everybody
leaves.
Braden does the
analytics, and he told me,
'Dad, they always like the news
part, but when you start praying and
doing the communion part, 75% of
the people leave on the rest of the video.'Isn't
that amazing?
Not on the lives, but during the rest of
the time. I guess they
don't want to pray, but that's all
right. The Lord said to pray: "Father, I
thank you, Lord, for all the people that
come to be a part of our videos
and pray with us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for
all that you're doing in these
end times.
Father, we yield ourselves to you. We thank
you, Lord, for the Holy Spirit. We thank
you, Lord, for the anointing of the Holy
Ghost,
Father, that we see that which is to come."And
Father, we pray over the
things that you've already given us for
the big boxes, the big presents. And you
said, "Open these up under the tree,
Son. And I'll give you this, and I'll
show you that which is to come to pray,
and you'll avert things."And I thank
you, Father, for the things that
you have showed us tonight. And we take
this body in the name of Jesus, and we
just want to remember all that you did
for us.
We take the time to give you praise and
glory, for you are King of Kings and
you're Lord of Lords.
And we are so grateful that you are our
Heavenly Father and that you cared
enough to even want to—that you love
us, that you gave your life, you died, you
suffered, Father, that we might have
life.
And I take the body in the name of
Jesus. Amen and amen. Lord, we take the
blood. We make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of us. Lord,
I thank you, Father, for the blood.
As much as we mess up,
you're faithful and just to forgive me
and cleanse me of all of it.
Father, when we mess up, we
say, "Oh Lord, we run to God."Our
carnal selves, our minds, our wills,
our emotions—Father,
I thank you, Lord, that your
blood is sufficient.
It was more than enough.
And Lord, we take the blood and we thank
you, Lord, in the name of Jesus for the
blood. We apply the blood over me. Is there
anything you want to show me? If there's
anything, Lord—if not, we'll pray over
what you've given us completely. And
we're so grateful that you gave it to
us. And we plead the blood of Jesus,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We cover our
eyes, spiritual eyes. We cover our
heart. We cover everything. We thank
you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus.
And we give you praise for it in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.
That one was really sweet.
So, let's pray over President Trump.
Let's pray over the Fourth. We'll just
pray in the spirit a little bit here and
see if the Lord shows anything
to add to it.
Covering President Trump and the
decisions he makes concerning our
economy, that they would get clarity,
that they would get all these
things done that we need done, and that
we would enter into these
six months left before the first of
the year. We have six months—we've
already been through half a year—that
we finish strong, that we cover this
time in prayer. And Father, we just lift
up President Trump before you right now
in the name of Jesus. We cover him from
the top of his head to the soles of his
feet. Every plot, every plan, every
strategic plan to take him out before
his term is over, we cover him in the
name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that
he would do the things that he needs to
do. That he would take no counsel
from the ungodly.
We apply the blood of Jesus over Trump's
mind, that he doesn't have any dementia
symptoms. His blood flows; no
Alzheimer's. His mind—he has a sharp,
thinking mind, strategy.
Father, we cover his heart, we cover
his organs, and we thank
you, Lord, that he is strong,
that his youth is renewed like the
eagles, and you fill his mouth with good
things. I thank you, Lord, that his
marriage is strong, that Melania is
strong. We pray over his marriage, Father,
that they would be okay in the marriage.
Thank you, Lord, for his children.
We apply the blood over Eric, Don Jr.,
Tiffany, Barron, and Kai, and even Ivanka.
I know Kai is a grandkid, but
I consider her like a kid to him.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for his
grandchild. We thank you, Lord, that
they are covered in the blood.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across the land to kill, steal, and
destroy him or his family is brought to naught
in the name of Jesus. We thank you,
Lord, that the angels would bear him up
in their hands, lest he dash his foot
against a stone. We believe that there's
a covering over him in the name of Jesus
to finish the job.
Father, we cover his buildings in the
blood:
all Trump towers,
all golf courses, places of interest for
any kind of terrorist attack.
We apply the blood over President
Trump's hotels, over his apartment
complexes,
all over New York City,
all over Chicago, all over any—if
he has any in Boston—over
Washington, all the places of interest,
Miami, Fort Lauderdale,
Mar-a-Lago.
We cover them in the blood.
We pray over New York City,
over any parades, over the Fourth of
July firework shows, mass gatherings of
people
throughout the subways and
mass transit,
buses.
Over our electric grid, our substations,
over our waterways,
our rivers, places of interest,
tourist attractions like Walt Disney
World, Universal Studios,
Epcot.
We apply the blood over SeaWorld.
We apply the blood over all these areas
of attractions:
New Orleans, Bourbon
Street.
I call a major revival over Bourbon
Street,
over the New Madrid fault line.
Over our water plants
where they filter our water.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our
FBI, our Homeland Security, our NSA, our
Department of Defense, all the
ones that are
protecting our nation:
local law enforcement, sheriff's departments,
even our highway patrol. We
thank you, Lord, that they're covered in
the blood, that they'll have eyes to see
what nobody else can see. They'll be
able to see the plans and the plots
concerning our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of
the Lord are camped around about
them, that everything is going to be
okay.
I pray over our churches, over every
church, no fires. We come against
this arsonist spirit in the name of
Jesus of these people trying to burn our
churches. We come against the arsonists.
They will not burn down our old
churches, our new churches. They will
not burn down our churches in the name
of Jesus,
in Canada, in Europe,
over Africa, over our area, over
America. We call our churches safe. The
pastors to wake up behind the pulpits to
preach the uncompromising word of God.
Not a lukewarm, seeker-friendly message,
but a message that's on fire for you.
True repentance, to wake up out of the
slumber that they're in.
That it's not about
the
likes and the clicks and all of
the social media garbage, but they'll
start to come out of their turtle
shells of being cowards behind
the pulpits and speaking the message of
what you tell them to speak instead of
shrinking back and not having a backbone
like a crowbar, but rising up and saying
that Jesus Christ is coming and it's
time to wake up.
I see the number seven. I wonder what
that is.
It's bold and it's on fire. The number
seven.
I see seven is on fire. Seven, seven,
We pray over California. We
pray over a red wave. We pray over
voter fraud. We say: voter fraud, you're
being uncovered in the name of Jesus.
No matter how much they try to block it,
I see them blocking, blocking, blocking.
We call the blockages to be removed. We
call the blockages to be removed
over Minnesota.
We pray for a major red wave over
Minnesota, for a major harvest of
souls over Minnesota, for things to turn
around in the politics in Minnesota.
For Omar to find a new job
in the name of Jesus. Tim Walz, is that
right? Tim Walz, we call him to have a
new job.
We call in the name of Jesus
supernatural favor with the candidates
that are running, that they will have a
loud voice and the people would be tired
of the fraud all over Minnesota and they
would go out and vote and there would be
a fair, clean election.
A fair election, a major move of God over
Minnesota in Jesus'name.
Over Florida, a fair election.
I see
Byron rising up. How's he doing in the
polls,
son?
I see Byron very strong right now.
I see Byron
over by Jacksonville, which is
interesting. I wonder why I see him by
Jacksonville. He's standing by
Jacksonville
where
Cape Canaveral is,
right there by the Cape
where Elon shoots off his rockets. I see
Byron standing by Jacksonville.
He's going to have
great favor in Jacksonville. I don't
know why, but I see him standing by
the coral
and I see great favor in
Jacksonville.
Byron.
The popular vote.
You hear the popular vote.
Man, my neck was cricking right there.
Do you hear that?
It's a crick.
It's
about
Byron's
territory.
I see Georgia fraud. The
Lord said there's fraud in Georgia.
There's voter fraud in Georgia.
It'll be in the news.
Georgia fraud concerning elections.
Do you remember the Black
lady that was there? She had
curly, kinky hair. I see her face.
Remember, she is a heavyset woman. She was
Democratic Party.
I see her right now in this
area.
Is her name Stacey
Abrams? Is that right?
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Yeah, they're saying Stacey Abrams. I
see
the Black
lady there. There's something
to do with voter
fraud.
I see a very blue jacket on her,
and I hear this
concerning elections.
There's something coming in Georgia.
The devil went down to Georgia.
This will be a deciding factor
of something. I see a deciding factor.
It looks like a scale, you know,
like it goes this
way or this way.
What is it
about Georgia?
It's the voter machines.
Is she a senator? Is this
woman a senator, a mayor, a governor?
Is her seat up?
What is it about her?
Byron,
Stacey,
Stacey.
I see Jacksonville.
I see favor in
Jacksonville.
Am I saying that right? It's up towards the
Cape. It starts with a J.
Is it the Jacksonville Jaguars?
It's Jacksonville,
up here by Cape
Canaveral.
Favor for Byron.
Why? I don't know, but
I hear favor for Byron.
He's going to need favor in
Jacksonville. Jacksonville will have
favor
for Byron.
And it's interesting because it could be
any place, but I hear Jacksonville will
be favor for
Byron. We pray for Byron to have
favor in Jacksonville. You
say, 'What does it matter?'I don't
know, but I see it.
Favor in Orlando. It'll be 50/50 in
the politics.
I see Miami trying to be
blue. Divided
Tampa.
I see red, I see some blue
in the big cities.
We want
to keep it red.
He's
going to pray over these cities today.
There's fraud in Atlanta.
They're going to try to flip it.
There's something to do with Stacey,
though. Regardless if she's running or
if she's not, something to do with
Stacey.
I see her face and it's bold.
She's jockeying for a greater position.
It's Washington.
I almost say it's going to be
for Senate or a House in the days
ahead. Something to do in Washington.
Stronger influence, trying to
have stronger influence, a louder voice.
I see her face;
it's so bold. This is something
that's coming soon. There's a boldness
about her face
and I see what looks like a T-Rex beside
her. It's a dinosaur-lizard
thing beside her
with two different colors of green.
There's black
behind her and there's a lizard-looking
face beside her. One shade of
green is like a lime green
and the dark green is like
a forest green. And there's a design on
the lizard's face that looks like land.
It's
like a beak like on a Tyrannosaurus
Rex. It's green, two
shades of different green.
It
looks like
a map on the dinosaur's face.
And it's
something standing by
Stacey.
I
hear voter fraud in Atlanta.
It's a map.
It's
districts.
Those are like counties, but they're
Like suburbs,
neighborhoods.
It's concerning the fraud in
these areas. They look almost like
you're looking at a lake on
a map, how it bleeds
into the map. I see districts.
It's a very clear vision, but it's green
and it's a lime green on a dinosaur's
face.
The fraud
will fade
in
Jesus'name.
I see elders going home
and I see people that were associated
with fraud. They're
older. And then I
see young faces.
People losing
interest.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for Byron
has great favor in Jacksonville.
Isn't that
interesting? Two different people, two
different parties, two different things.
One's running, one's not.
But she's dominant in the vision.
Why are you dominant in the vision if
you're not running?
Thank you, Holy Spirit, that you show us
all things.
I
see
a skin rash. And on this skin
rash, it's almost like pits. You know how
whenever you have acne really bad on
your face and you
get pits from the acne scars?
This is a red rash that has huge pits in
the skin.
It looks like they've been itching it.
Lord said stick with it.
It's interesting. Both are
Black.
One is Democrat, one is
Republican.
It's something to do with
this.
Thank
you, Lord. You
show us that which is to come.
Is it
about race?
What is this?
Enemy. I see glory around Brian.
I see it again; I see a
light. There's favor there, favor around
Brian. Pray; I see
favor around Brian.
It's a new wave,
a new spring forth of growth. Favor
around Brian.
His
voice will become louder and louder and
louder.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you praise, Father.
Thank you, Lord,
that it's shifting. It's like we've
prayed into it, and now it's shifting.
I'd like to
know more, Lord, if there's anything
else you can show me about that.
It's like he's shifting. It
pulls back away
and
I'm back in Minnesota.
It's about Tim Walz. Do you remember
the acne on the face?
I see Tim Walz's face having
acne on the pores on his face, a rash on
his face. It's on his cheeks.
It's about Tim Walz.
This is about
something about Tim Walz. A rash.
It's a rash.
And
there's ties to South Korea.
No, it's ties to China. The Lord said
it's further;
there's ties to China,
Minnesota. There's corruption and ties
to China from Minnesota.
I see an arrow coming out of Minnesota
and going into China.
Come on.
money
power
is very strong. I see Tim Walz.
It's connected to China.
I see Tim Walz.
And Omar is with it. The one
with the rag on her head,
she is with this. And I see Google.
I hear Google. I
see
Google—you
know, like Siri—the
Google colors. It's like rainbow colors:
the red, the blue. I see
Google colors. I see a man that looks
Indian.
He—it's
Tim, Omar,
China, Google.
It's the bridge.
There's a bridge.
They
connect. He's up here, she's down here
in part of Minnesota.
There's a land bridge
that goes across to China.
There's something to do with this.
There's fraud. There's something here.
And he has acne scars on his face.
I see acne; there's like
these pits on the face and it's
highlighted. It was red
like a scratch on the face
on his cheek. It looks like he has a
fungus, a rash on
his face on his right side.
There's
something going on there
like a skin disease,
but it's symbolic.
This is symbolic.
It looks like
something very dark,
like tar.
It looks like Venom,
like
the Batman or Spider-Man character.
It's a black tar
coming on the land there
from the
West
to the
East. It started in the West and it's
going to the East, trying to
trickle down on the land in Minnesota.
It looks almost like
some kind of goo, a
thick substance like oil dripping on the
land.
Now it's cracking. There is a cracking
of this
infection.
It's crystallizing.
It looks like alligator skin
or
crocodile skin, but black.
It's a serpent.
I see 50-gallon drums, black
barrel drums with silver lining at the
top. There's a
silver lining at the top.
Black barrel drums concerning Tim Walz and
Minnesota. There's a
black barrel with a silver lining
concerning
China. It's a black barrel of toxic
stuff that has a silver lining on
the top.
The silver's sparkling and it looks
really pretty at the top, but
it's a
black barrel that
would spread across the land of
Minnesota. There's a black dripping
from these black barrels
coming from China, but it has a silver
lining. The silver is
very thick and
plentiful.
It's coming from the West out of the
California area
and it's spreading this
toxic black stuff,
but it has a silver lining for
Tim Walz
and it trickles into Omar.
A silver lining.
And there are other people that
don't have a big connection to it,
but there's little people
that are feeding off the silver flakes.
The silver flakes are falling upon the
little people. I see silver raining
on them like
raindrops coming
out of the 50-gallon drum,
raining upon other blue people. They're
blue people in blue outfits,
blue suits, blue dresses,
blue-collar.
And the silver is raining upon and
feeding the small blue people.
The silver is being divided amongst
the small blue people. Omar gets a bit. I
see her have a lot of silver. He has the
most silver.
And it reaches into Kamala Harris. I see Kamala
Harris and she has a hold of
the silver with Tim
Walz.
The silver lining reaches out to the
Democratic party through Kamala
Harris. Kamala Harris is with Tim Walz,
and Tim Walz with Kamala Harris,
and she is in the shadows of receiving
the silver lining. The silver is on the
black barrels.
I see Kamala Harris is still
there.
She is restrategizing.
The
Lord said this is rebranding. Kamala Harris is
rebranding.
A new suit is coming on. I see a brand
new suit coming on and it has brand new
duds
coming
out of the silver lining coming from
China with a black barrel with Tim Walz.
Tim Walz is afraid.
His face has pits and his face is
showing worse.
The pits on his face are getting bigger.
There's an exposing of what's truly on
the skin of Tim
Walz.
The pits are becoming the size of a dime.
They
are pimple pits from
scarring on his cheeks. They're getting
bigger and bigger.
The big ones
are eating up the small ones.
You'll not be able to hide it.
The Lord said
they'll not be able to hide it. You
can't run, you can't hide
from
the black upon the land.
There's a price to pay for the
silver lining that you have.
I see that church and the light is
shining from it as they pray.
The light is getting
brighter and brighter.
The attacks were trying to come
and the darkness tried to overshadow the
church, but the church was
holding back the darkness from what was
taking over the land.
There's a breaking
forth you will see from this church. And
the light of Jesus is
standing in the foyer of the
church.
I see my friend
Jesus standing there.
Faithful.
Great reward is
yours. He said they have remained
faithful through trials and
tribulation.
The end.
There is a transfer
taking place
from the old to the new. I
say a transfer, an endowment
is taking place right now. There
is
a transfer from out of the old wineskin
into the new wineskin.
The
Lord said there
is
a completely new
metamorphosis,
like a caterpillar going through a
cocoon. I have transformed you.
The Lord said
the
church in Minnesota will be like a
caterpillar in a cocoon, and it will
change; a metamorphosis is
taking place, and a new butterfly is
about to start the new race. There
has
been great pressure
on the worm that was once
a worm, but
the pressure of the cocoon I had you in
causes you to grow into
something beautiful. For there seemed to
be a dark cloud that tried
to suffocate the church, but He said,
"mercy, mercy has visited you, and
goodness has visited you today, and mercy is
for you."Say, "Show me your
glory, Lord. Show me your glory, and
goodness and my mercy."I
see
that cocoon spread forth and crack open,
and a new metamorphosis of a
butterfly is coming out. The
butterfly is full of beautiful colors such
as
you've
never seen on this earth.
It
will spring forth out of
Minnesota. There
will be colors on a butterfly you've
never seen on this earth, the Lord says.
And it will be something beautiful to
the eye—purples
and yellows and reds and
beautiful colors that I have provided
for you.
It will spring forth out of Minnesota.
He says, "For you've remained faithful."And
I see the church. Jesus is standing
in the church and it's glorious. I see that caterpillar
that was
underneath all that pressure become a
metamorphosis of something beautiful.
Something you've never seen before. He
said it again:
"Don't expect what you saw in the past to
be what you see now. For I'm going to do
a new thing,
something you've never seen before."And
it will start from shore to shore
and flood throughout this earth and
throughout the land—a new river,
new life, new
blessing.
Many will come. For the seed
you've sowed
in prayer,
you'll reap great joy. You'll reap great
joy from the seed you've
sowed
with tears. Tears of
prayer, tears before my altar.
You'll reap now with great
joy, and great joy will flood your land.
The Lord said, "Great joy will flood the
church. Great joy for
the tears
you've sowed. You will now reap with
great joy for the persecution that you
have been under. Through the
persecution and the demonic pressure,
you'll spring forward with
great joy, and you'll walk in an
authority over demonic spirits like you
have not seen before."As
you speak,
the demons will tremble.
As you speak and decree a thing, they
will bow their knee to the name of
Jesus. Watch as a greater level of my
authority and a greater level of the
manifestations of the glory will be on
my church for deliverance ministry. Where it seemed
that you wrestled
with a demon trying to get the people
delivered, you'll speak it and they will
flee. Watch for a greater level of the
manifestation of my anointing for
authority,
boldness, and
glory. Watch for deliverance
ministry to take off.
Don't play with the demonic; speak to
them and tell them to go.
And
the end will surely come.
I see a beautiful butterfly.
It
is
so beautiful.
That butterfly has
yellows, orange, red, and beautiful
colors all over it—purple
and pinks.
It's something you've never seen before,
for what the church is about to do. A metamorphosis
is coming through you. Jesus is visiting
the
church.
Watch what he does inside of you. I
see the building being filled with new
wine and a new
wineskin.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We fought the good fight,
and there are many
people who are about to finish their
race.
But there
is
a transfer.
We fought the good fight,
and you say, "I finished my race. I kept
the
faith."There
is a great transfer
like we've never seen before.
Some people are just tired,
and it's not a bad thing. Some people have
just finished their race.
I fought the good
fight, I kept the faith,
and I finished my race.
There's a
transfer, a cocoon that's happening.
There
is
a glory shift and a new
wineskin.
It's something you've never seen before.
What God is about to do with
the new Davids, the new Esthers,
the new Hannahs, the new faces—the Isaiahs
and Samuels—these
men and women of God
will rise up with
great power and authority in these last
days.
We're there.
I sing praises to your name, O
Lord. Praises
to your name,
O
Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
We thank you, Lord. As we
enter
summer and get ready for
the fall,
I look into September
and
July. He
will uncover every plot and every plan
across this land
concerning July 4th and the
Presidency.
Every plot, every plan,
great distractions.
I see a dark blanket of smoke,
a dark blanket of great distractions for
July.
I see fires.
I see Italy.
They're waiting for the moment to
strike. I see him
going into October.
They'll try to clip his wings.
Trump—they'll
try to clip as far as going into
January.
Pray
for his safety.
Pray for his health.
What
is going on with the
Supreme Court and the Senate? Something
is
going on with the Supreme
Court and the Senate.
They're
trying to clip his wings. I see a dominant blue in the Senate, and the blue is bold. I see influence in the Senate, and it goes to
the Supreme Court.
There
is
something
about
the Supreme Court and
the Senate.
I see wings on Trump that look like an eagle's wings being
snipped. Do you know what happens
when you snip a bird's wings and he
can't fly? In the months
of December and
January, I see them
trying to snip his wings.
December and January are very bold. I
see the
Senate;
I see blue colors. There
is
a dark blue and a lighter blue, looking
like a plum and a darker blue.
I see the Senate.
Pray for Thomas. Pray for the Senate. I
mean, pray for the Supreme Court.
And the woman with black hair, she looks
like she is
heavier set; she is a
more liberal judge. I see her
face. I see Thomas's face. I see
blue in
the
Senate.
I see a red coward; I see a
vibrant red House,
but they do nothing.
Father, I thank
You, Lord,
for Your name is great and greatly to be
praised.
Lord, wouldn't it be wonderful if we keep
both
the Senate and
the House
to keep his wings? I see a trimming, a
clipping of the wings. I don't
understand the politics of it,
but
I see eagle's wings that are cut by the
Supreme Court and by the
Senate.
I see a quiet
House.
The blue is
very vocal with the Supreme Court,
but the cowards
in the House
are
not loud.
When I see
blue,
it pulses. It
looks like it has a flashing light,
pulsing like a heartbeat, a
dark blue pulsing.
But there is
no heartbeat in
the red; there is
no pulse, no flashing light. It
is
just a flat, dormant red. I see a
dominant blue
pulsing. Then it goes to the Supreme
Court, and I see Thomas
and the judges in a line
trying to do something. I
see wings on Trump that are
clipped at the tips,
and his wings are shortened so
he is
not able to fly. This occurs
around the end
of December
and into January.
Father, we
are
so thankful that we have
both the red
and the Supreme Court. Whatever is going
on with Thomas and the other woman—I
see
her right
there. Sonia,
is that right? Yes,
Sonia.
She is a
dominant face. Something
is
happening
with her health or something
to replace her.
The Senate picks the Supreme
Court justices, not the House. It
is
something to do with the Supreme
Court
concerning Thomas
and
the
woman.
She looks like she might be
Latina.
The president nominates
Supreme Court justices, and the Senate
votes to confirm or reject them.
There
is
something with the Supreme Court
concerning Thomas and this woman
about clipping his wings. I
learned today
that
Latina is for a girl and
Latino
is
for
a boy.
I
am
learning Spanish. The
anointing is
lifting, so I won't
keep
dipping.
I
could see
clearly
that
October, September, and
July are turbulent. Pray for the
month of July. I see Europe and
a plan involving
Russia. I am hesitant to
tell you what I saw
concerning Putin and
Zelensky,
but
I saw an assurance
guaranteed
to Putin from Trump.
There was an agreement
made, and
Putin
had an assurance on his face.
No matter how much 'Pinocchio'tries to
move around, Putin
was not moved.
He looked assured because he was
promised something
and he believed it.
That's all I will say.
I'll pray about it because
what I saw was
bad.
Praise the Lord, everyone. I am
so thankful you
came tonight. To
those
who
hate me, we love
you anyway. I was
blessed
by that;
I needed
the refreshing.
Jesus is so wonderful.
I could see Him
walking through
the church, and the darkness became
light.
I
am
excited about the glorious
outpouring He is about to do.
The butterfly is about
to fly throughout the land.
We
are
a prayer army praying for
the end times.
Every single one of us has a part;
we bring our
portion. Everybody has a part of the
puzzle, and when you're not here, we
miss you.
We're all bringing our supply to
make this beautiful pot of gumbo.
God
bless you. We'll see you again tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you, and
we love you. God bless you. Have a
wonderful night.